being born a girl means clearing a lot
of hurdles and it begins right at the
starting line sex selective abortions
are frequent in countries like India
where girls are often seen as a
financial burden discrimination begins
even before birth sexual mutilation is
the fate of at least 200 million girls
in 30 countries it often leads to
serious infections and even death time
for school for some in Afghanistan 90%
of women cannot read or write massively
reducing their chances in life 63
million girls in the world are kept out
of school before even getting close to
adulthood 700 million girls are forced
to get married often too much older men
many women go through life without the
right to control their own bodies or
sexuality every year 22 million women
and girls put their health and lives at
risk by having unsafe abortions in some
countries like Senegal they may end up
in jail many who make it to adulthood
face entrenched discrimination that
leads to violence way too often home is
not a safe haven as women are beaten and
abused by their own partners in France a
woman dies of domestic violence every
2.7 days
even the lucky ones can never stop
fighting for equal pay equal
opportunities and equal rights being
born a girl means clearing a lot of
hurdles
you